
1. The game starts on the left. Right now, Chile gets the ball.

2. Kicks from the goal are not challenged but must have a correct answer to advance.

3. All other kicks are contested by the opposing team.

4. Possessing Team(P) answers question about English. Opposing Team(O) answers question about English.

5. The ball may be in states: (commencement, advancement, contest, score, gameOver )

6. In advancement State: Ball movement and possession.  If:
        P:Incorrect and O:Incorrect (0,0)       Try again until one side misses their question.
	P:Correct and O: Incorrect: (1,0)	Ball advances
        P:Correct and O: Correct:   (1,1) 	Try again until one side misses their question.
	P:Incorrect and O: Correct: (0,1)	Transition to Contest state, 

7. In Contest state:  Transition to this state caused by  (0,1) in advancement state. 
        P:Incorrect and O:Incorrect (0,0)       Try again until only one side misses their question.
	P:Incorrect and O: Correct: (0,1)	Other team gains possession. Ball direction changes.
	P:Correct and O: Incorrect: (1,0)	Possessing Team  keeps the ball.
        P:Correct and O: Correct:   (1,1) 	Try again until only one side misses their question.

8. score state happens when the ball is in the net. The ball reverses direction, which gives possession to other team.

9. Each set of questions will decrement the Falta by 2. So in essence, the Falta starts at 100 and goes to zero.

10. When Falta: 0, the game is over.

11. When the ball enters the net, the score of the possessing team is incremented by 1.

12. Future: When the ball changes possession, the arrow will change directions. (Not currently working).

13. The questions will appear in the Text input at the bottom of the screen for each side(Not currently working).

14. Using questions from a Notebook, The game can be played at the current time.

15. To invove the younger kids, we allowed the team to help a player, so, for the current time, it is really 
    a team question and not a player question on each advance and on each challenge.

       
